He'd been dreaming of it since the defeat of Voldemort.
The Veil, that is.
The one that Sirius had fallen behind.
The last time he'd dreamed about the Department of Mysteries, Sirius had died.
The world had also finally woken up to the truth about Voldemort, but the price had been too high for him to be grateful.
And once the truth was out, the attacks had gotten worse.
He wondered, briefly, why he was there.
Ginny was at home, she was pregnant, she needed him.
Yet he could not seem to stay away.
Voldemort was gone, true.
But then, so were so many other people, good people, who should not have died.
He counted the steps until he was standing right in front of where Sirius had fallen through.
Cedric. Sirius. Dumbledore. Hedwig. Moody. Dobby. Tonks father. Remus. Colin Creevy. Tonks. Snape. Fred.
Hell, even Crabbe didn't deserve to die then.
There were more, many more, but none of them close to him.
They were close to somebody, though.
Maybe that was why he couldn't stay away.
Why he couldn't look away.
Why, even at that very moment, he couldn't walk away.
---
Harry awoke with a start.
He was lying on a floor, covered by a poor excuse for a blanket, and someone appeared to be attempting to break the door down.
"Where's the cannon?" Dudley asked.
Dudley? Where had the Veil sent him?
Could this be when Hagrid first told him about Hogwarts?
It must be, because he couldn't recall any other time where he and Dudley had been sleeping in what appeared to be a shack.
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room, holding a rifle.
Harry snorted.
Like that would do any good against HAGRID.
His uncle didn't seem to know that, though, and shouted "Who's there? I warn you-I'm armed!"
Although it did occur to Harry that when people were trying to break in, it can generally be assumed that they are probably armed as well.
And as if they didn't know that a wizard had come for Harry.
Who else COULD even get across in this weather, not to mention who else would even bother?
SMASH! The door flew clean off its hinges and landed on the floor with a thunderous crash.
Hagrid stood in the doorway, looking very impressive.